h1. Responsive email template

A table-based (but responsive) email template. Has MailChimp merge tags in place. Based on the following work:

* "From Monitor To Mobile: Optimizing Email Newsletters With CSS":http://coding.smashingmagazine.com/2011/08/18/from-monitor-to-mobile-optimizing-email-newsletters-with-css/
* "Email Boilerplate":https://github.com/seanpowell/Email-Boilerplate
* "MailChimp Email Blueprints":https://github.com/mailchimp/Email-Blueprints

h2. Mailchimp Features

We are using Mailchimp at elastic.io and it is important for us to keep template (presentation) separated from the content, therefore we added couple of Mailchimp-specific markup attribute. With our template you can:

* Modify text and header for each visible block (header, sections header, section text,section links and footer)
* Modify pictures for each section
* Hide or show each of the secions

See "Mailchimp Template Language":http://templates.mailchimp.com/getting-started/mailchimp-template-language/ for more information.


h2. Images

Some of the images used within this template are created at double-resolution to give a crisp display on HiDPI screens (such as iPhone4 onwards) - please bear in mind this will require extra bandwidth. If you are optimising for lower bandwidths you may want to use standard resolution images instead. Also, images hidden using @display:none;@ do still load, even though they are not displayed.

Make sure you link all your images using full URL paths, and upload them to a suitable webspace, or upload/link via your email transmission service. Please note that currently some of the images (logo, social icons) are linked to elastic.io CDN (http://static.elastic.io) don't forget to change that.

h2. Fork

This repository is forked from Forked from "philwareham/responsive-email":https://github.com/philwareham/responsive-email

h2. License

Released under "MIT license":http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html
